font-family = Berkeley Mono Variable
font-thicken = true
font-size = 14
font-feature = -calt
adjust-cell-height=30%
window-padding-balance=true
#theme = GitHub Dark Default

#window-theme=auto
macos-option-as-alt = true
macos-titlebar-style = tabs
window-save-state=always
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon=hidden
quick-terminal-position=bottom

keybind = super+s>r=reload_config
keybind = super+s>x=close_surface
keybind = shift+enter=text:\x1b\r
keybind = global:ctrl+backquote=toggle_quick_terminal


# quick tab switch
keybind = cmd+s>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = cmd+s>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = cmd+s>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = cmd+s>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = cmd+s>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = cmd+s>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = cmd+s>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = cmd+s>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = cmd+s>9=goto_tab:9

# split
keybind = cmd+s>\=new_split:right
keybind = cmd+s>-=new_split:down

keybind = cmd+s>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = cmd+s>k=goto_split:top
keybind = cmd+s>h=goto_split:left
keybind = cmd+s>l=goto_split:right
keybind = super+\=goto_split:previous

keybind = cmd+s>z=toggle_split_zoom

keybind = cmd+s>e=equalize_splits
